Name	Sunil responce		Device Used - Redmi Power10	
Total Fails Spotted	2			
Sr. No	Screen	Test Scenarios	Result	Reasons
				
1	Signup / Login	1. Login flow with OTP existing user	Pass	
		2. Signup flow with OTP new user	Pass	
		3. Resend OTP	Pass	
		4. Onboarding	Pass	
				
2	FriendZone (Create post)	1. Using camera clicked image	Pass	
		2. Using device gallery Image	Pass	
		3. Pivacy of post	Pass	
		4. Tag user	Fail	Friend not found
		5. Add location to post	Pass	
		6. Create post with video	Pass	
		7. Check sharing a picture from another app (say WhatsApp) to ChatWise from app drawer	Pass	
		8. 3 Dot option	Pass	
		9. View post details and try actions (like,comment, share)	Pass	
		10.Select and remove like emojis	Pass	
		11.Scroll down and up the Page	Pass	
				
3	Add friend / Accept,Reject / Other users profile	1. Search user from add friend screen and send request	Pass	
		2. Accept/Reject received friend request	Pass	
		3. View other users profile	Pass	
		4. View other users friends and add friends	Pass	
		5. Send message to friends profile	pass	
		6. Forward any image or video in from the messages screen to other user in friend list	Pass	
		7. Unfriend any user from search listing	Pass	
		8. Unfriend any user from the profile screen	Pass	
		9. View different tabs in other user profile	Pass	
		10. QR code functionality	Pass	
				
4	Chat	1. Group chat/one to one chat ( images, video ,link share : link preivew)	Fail	Not created Group
		2. Reply over any message	Pass	
		3. Chat listing	Pass	
		4. Audio/Video call any user from chat	Pass	
		5. Call list	Pass	
				
5	Settings	1. Theme	Pass	Light and dark
		2. language	Pass	options applied
		3. Unblock user	Pass	
		4. Add Friends list screen	Pass	
		5. Following list (Own and others)	Pass	
		6. Setting >> chat >> chat background >> reset to default	Pass	but default conformation option of is not present
				
				
6	Logout	1. Logout account	Pass	
				
7	Shorts	1.Audio mute/Unmute	Pass	
		2.Like/Comment /Share	Pass	
				
8	Tokens	1.Share via whatsapp/Line /facebook? Qr code	Pass	
				
				
				
